
        

**<span class="wysiwyg-underline">Symptoms</span>** 

*   I am an Asset Store Publisher
*   I can see 1 or more chargebacks on my Sales page

**<span class="wysiwyg-underline">Cause</span>** 

Chargebacks can occur if the bank detects a fraudulent payment after a purchase has already gone through. The bank then charges back the funds to ensure they are returned to the account holder. Unfortunately, the money is taken off the total accumulated revenue generated for the Publisher.

**<span class="wysiwyg-underline">Resolution</span>** 

Once a bank has made a chargeback on a purchase, we receive a notification to let us know. As soon as this notification comes through, we block any users that have had chargebacks on their accounts to avoid further chargebacks occurring.

<span class="message_body">Most of the time the bank stops any fraudulent activity before the transaction reaches us. Once the transaction reaches us, if any suspicious activity presents itself we will have the account blocked.</span>

<span class="message_body">Despite having many precautionary measures, every now and then, users like this do slip the net. This is something that we take very seriously and we are doing all we can to reduce the number of chargebacks we get. </span>

**<span class="wysiwyg-underline">More information</span>** 

Sometimes you may see a few chargebacks appear on your account at once. This could be because the suspected fraudulent purchases appear on the same invoice.

Since Unity takes 30% of the revenue generated by Asset Store purchases it is in our best interest to keep chargebacks to a minimum. We are sorry if you have experienced this and are doing our best to stop chargebacks from happening.

      